is there anyone in our audience who I'd
be honest didn't know the auger agent
was tomorrow okay right everyone knows
that Trump gets sworn in as president
tomorrow so you'd think that but maybe
not in fact we went on the street
actually we went on the street yesterday
and we asked people how they thought
Trump was doing in his first day in
office of course first day in office
isn't until tomorrow but did that stop
anyone from weighing in on this well
let's find out I think Donald Trump is
doing now that he's at his first day in
office I think he's doing well I'm gonna
give him for a chance what did you think
about his announcement this morning that
he will only hire staffers who are quote
a nine or above I feel like you know
what you're doing so do you think an
eight should be allowed to enter the
Oval Office under President Trump if you
say it's mine mine are better okay what
about like 8.5 8.9 nope man what's your
name and where are you from
I'm Kambo from Alabama Cambo as you know
today was president Trump's first day in
office how do you think he's doing so
far I think we're all in the boat with
him and if we want that boat to go down
then we're going down with it don't you
think of all those viral photos of the
stripper pole he installed in the Oval
Office do you think that's kind of a fun
way they change it up well I mean if you
want to have a stripper pole Nixon
nothing had a bowling alley
don't you think of that footage of
President Trump installing a stripper
pole in the Oval Office today I was
horrified did you see the footage of
President Trump bulldozing Michelle
Obama's vegetable gardens day and did
you think that that was kind of a cool
move yeah well look for your mind when
you saw him riding that bulldozer
swinging his cap around I was excited
kind of wanted to jump on with him did
you see that video of President Trump
lighting the old Constitution on fire
what what went through your mind when
you saw the Constitution go up in flames
you know what I think we're only asking
questions that depict Trump in a
negative fashion and I think that's the
last thing this country needs right now
yeah well we all need to do is band up
and we need to support our president cuz
that's what he is what went through your
mind when you saw him walk into the
White House turn around and flip two
middle fingers I thought that was absurd
it was just like why would you do that
you're opposed to their new president
look no body does that what were the
people around you saying they're like
what what the heck was he thinking
what's going through your mind who were
you watching with I was lost my friends
and my family family friends yeah
friends that are more like family yeah
it was like who's like shot yes what did
you think about President Trump
pardoning himself today quote just in
case I mean I feel like he has taken the
presidential seat and run with it as a
show it's losing power and respect from
the world and it's just another platform
for television so I think it's great in
the sense that it's destroying people I
hope it's destroying people's faith in
the system because I'm all for that but
you know create new ones I mean if we
don't like it let's change the channel
that didn't go where I thought it was
gonna go hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die